feat(cli): allow for toml files in --config arg, closes #7859 (#13079)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/toml-config-patch-in-cli.md

---

> tauri-cli: minor:enhance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tauri-cli: minor:enhance
"@tauri-apps/cli": minor:enhance
```

---

> File paths to TOML files can now be used in the cli --config arg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for passing TOML and JSON5 config files to `--config` arg
```
